下载链接来自互联网搜集和网友提供，仅供学习研究使用，不得用于商业用途，请在24小时内删除！

版权归原作者及其公司所有，如果你喜欢，请购买正版。如果侵权，请联系删除。


版权声明

1、由于资源是由互联网搜集整理而成，版权均归原作者所有。我们提供一个观摩学习的环境，将不对任何资源负法律责任。

2、若无意中侵犯到您的版权利益，请后台联系我们，我们会在收到信息后第一时间给予处理。！

3、纯属资源分享自媒体平台，所有资源仅供学习交流之用，请勿用作商业用途，并请于下载后24小时内删除，如果喜欢，请自己购买正版，谢谢。

4、本公众号所有文章，未经允许，禁止转发，谢谢合作。


下载后请认真阅读网站关于此资源的版权说明，如果有不清楚的，可以通过下面方式和我联系。

附：                                                               
   ║   根据二OO二年一月一日《计算机软件保护条例》规定：
         为了学习和研究软件内含的设计思想和原理，通过安装、显示、传输或者
         存储软件等方式使用软件的，可以不经软件著作权人许可，不向其支付报
         酬！鉴于此，也希望大家按此说明研究软件和资源！谢谢！      
 


The download link is collected from the internet and provided by users for the purpose of learning and research only. It cannot be used for commercial purposes and should be deleted within 24 hours.

The copyright belongs to the original author and their company. If you like it, please purchase the official version. If there is any infringement, please contact us for deletion.

Copyright Statement

Since the resources are collected and organized from the internet, the copyright belongs to the original authors. We provide an environment for observation and learning, and will not be held legally responsible for any resources.

If we inadvertently infringe on your copyright interests, please contact us through the backstage and we will address it promptly upon receiving the information.

This is purely a self-media platform for resource sharing. All resources are for learning and exchange purposes only. Please do not use them for commercial purposes and delete them within 24 hours after downloading. If you like it, please purchase the official version. Thank you.

All articles on this public account are prohibited from being forwarded without permission. Thank you for your cooperation.

After downloading, please carefully read the copyright notice on the website regarding this resource. If there is anything unclear, you can contact me through the following ways.

Attached:
According to the "Computer Software Protection Regulations" of January 1, 2002:
In order to learn and study the design ideas and principles contained in the software, the use of software through installation, display, transmission, or storage is allowed without the permission of the software copyright owner and without paying compensation to them! In view of this, we also hope that everyone will study software and resources according to this explanation. Thank you!



